Part 1 (18 pts): Write a C program that generates an output with the following desired behavior:
From main function we spawn 3 Pthreads. We are interested in handling signals both from main function
and from the threads that belong to the following list:
SIGINT, SIGSTOP, SIGILL.

Each Pthread is spawned with the objective to catch one of the above signals only, and block or ignore the
rest. Moreover, each thread with identity tid[i] should also compute the sum of integers from 0 to 1,000 x
tid[i]. When one Pthread (or the main function) catches a signal, it should modify handling to just output
the signal number and its own identity (thread or main).

The main function is set up to ignore the signals until the three threads are created. After the three threads
join, then the main function restores default operation for all three signals.
In your code you may use either function signal or sigaction for setting up the signal handlers.
Assume that signal does not automatically re-installs itself. Even though in most recent LINUX version
the signal function does re-install itself, I would like you to distinguish those two cases and explain what
happens next (in Part 2) for both cases: 1) signal does not re-install itself, 2) signal does re-install itself.
You may run the one case experimentally, and for the second case you may manually revert to the old
handler using programming or attempt to tackle this question theoretically.

Part 2 (12 pts):
After you write your code, now please use it to answer the following questions:
Q1: (6 pts) What will be observed when the process receives one of the above signals externally (from
terminal) during execution? Briefly describe each case. What does the result depend on? Please justify
your answer. Now, answer the same questions, but send each signal twice or more.
Q2: (6 pts) What will be observed when one thread sends one of the signals separately to a specific
thread id (to one thread at a time) and to the main process itself? Study each case separately. Please
justify your answers. Also, answer the same questions, but send each signal twice or more.
Remark: Experiment with each signal at a time, record the messages you get on the screen and describe
the behavior of your program. Does your program completely stop at all times, for all signals? Does one
thread only get suspended or stopped or all the threads do, or the main process does? Report your
findings. One way to check on the status of your threads (if your process is still alive) is to ask the threads
send printouts with their id and status. Those that do are still alive and unblocked. Of course, bear in mind
that some of the signals you sent completely terminate your program. In this case, re-run the program, and
send one by one the rest of the signals.
Please provide detailed code for this problem (you have ample degree of freedom) and a thorough report
with your results and your justifications of the results.
